hey pretty girl ease its Rachel here
thank you so much for watching so today
I'm going to be doing a look for you
guys just the beach waves um it was
super easy to be no time at all to do it
um doesn't require any sort of heat
materials all you literally need is two
elastics and some hairspray and smooth
powder that is it and you don't even
really need the baby powder it's
optional I hope you guys like this look
and if you're interested in seeing how i
did it then keep on watching so I slept
in braids overnight so this is my hair I
have not touched it I have not brushed
it clearly and it's just whatever it is
so i just did a braid starting from
about my earlobe or so and then all the
way down and tied it really really tight
at the bottom and slept in these
overnight i didn't put any hairspray in
it nothing so first thing i want to do
is I'm just going to unravel them and
I'm not gonna like brush through them
i'm going to kind of just unwind them a
bit ok now I'm going to take baby powder
so this is just one of those little
travel-size ones that you can get and
I'm going to put it into you a little
bit into my roots and a little bit into
the rest of my hair and then just
basically just massage it and this will
just give you a little bit more texture
and a little bit more volume I gotta go
do in the bathroom know so I don't make
a complete mess of my bed because that
would be really bad so I'll be right
back back so I just kind of literally
just massage it in like this and have
not touched it so I'm just gonna brush
out my biz a bit and like the top part
just cuz I want that part to be smooth
and I want the rest of it to be kind of
crazy waves now all that you need to do
is take some sort of hairspray and I'm
going to be using Ozzy awesome volume
hair spray so what I've been using for
one and I heart it is awesome so and it
smells really good guys like it's much
really really good like I could wear
just inside
whew good so I'm just going to spray a
little bit into my hair and just scrunch
it a little bit
don't want to do it that way you can
always put a bit in your hand and then
massage it in all I'm going to do is
just hit my head over and give it one
last big shake just to give it a little
bit more texture and volume and
craziness and then we'll be back to show
you the final result so there you go
guys there's the final result super
super easy to be like no time at all to
do and it gives you really sexy beachy
waves like you would have come like
fresh out of the ocean so really really
like this look um it's really cute this
is what I did in my bikini bod bootcamp
my day one video so you guys can go
check that out here just to see what
that looked like that was by the end of
the day I think so it was a little bit
less maybe I hope you guys have a
wonderful day and don't forget to check
out my bikini body bootcamp in and join
us there's a huge group of us and I'm so
excited to do it and check out my
Twitter as well and don't forget to
subscribe perky well bye guys yah